what's up YouTube - seven 1w4 here
coming at you again this time with a
review of some ammunition that I
recently picked up gonna be reviewing
that blazer 22 long rifle ammo no frills
just a basic target shooting 22 ammo I
gotta say that I like this ammo better
than most of the stuff I've been
shooting especially the big bolt packs
of Remington blazer as you know was a
subsidiary of CCI MO and what you get is
what I bought was the big box of 500
rounds which comes with ten of these
small 50 packs and what you get inside
the box is just a little plastic
container and the rounds just kind of
dangle in there now one thing I really
like about this ammo now take a round
out and show you the shell casings are
very clean it's hard to find it in a lot
of bolt packed ammunition especially in
22 and these are just excellent very
clean you can tell they're not reloads
or anything like that
another thing I did notice is that these
22 rounds are never under charged every
shot I got out of this box I shot a
hundred rounds yesterday not a single
one was underpowered or overpowered
they're all same all along the board had
the same power and I just can't have
anything but good things to say about
this ammo I'll show you the target I was
shooting at this was at 50 yards once I
got my scope sighted in pretty decent
grouping
I love these shootin C targets they're
great got a pack of 12 of these targets
for about 8 bucks so I can't complain
there either and I was shooting this
animal out of my savage model 64 fxp
with the bipod and Simmons scope on it
if you're a 22 enthusiast or a plonker
maybe even a small game hunter I
definitely endorsed these rounds I
encourage you to go pick them up I got
them at my local dealer see if the
prices on this box anywhere yep prices
right here I got them in herb Phillips
Inns for $19.99 for 500 rounds I don't
think it can be beat way better than the
Remington big bulk box you can buy a
Walmart better than federal that's it if
you liked my video give it a thumbs up
thanks for watching